TreeList: Update loadDescendants() descriptions (#7863)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxTreeList/3 Methods/loadDescendants(keys).md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Loads descendants of specific nodes. Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loads specified node descendants . Takes effect only if data has a [plain structure](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/dataStructure.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/#dataStructure') and  **remoteOperations**.[filtering](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxTreeList/1%20Configuration/remoteOperations/filtering.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/remoteOperations/#filtering') is set to **true**. Does not load/reload cached data.
```
